[WHOOSH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>BEN STEWART: There's
no outrunning 5G.
And it's rolling
out as we speak.
>>GEORGE NOORY: There
was lots of controversy
over this program.
>>BEN STEWART: In a 5G
world, you can't opt out.
>>NOORY: Wait a minute.
You just say Uber into the
ether, and an Uber shows up?
>>BEN STEWART: There's
cameras everywhere.
So if you can't escape it,
you have to transcend it.
>>NOORY: Now, there was
so much viewer response
to this incredible show.
We're going to pull some emails
from some of our viewers.
>>BEN STEWART: Is
God afraid of 5G?
Is 5G just the one thing
that's outside of God's hands?
We need to wake up.
We're a lot more
powerful than that.
If we wake up with only
fear in our hearts,
then that's what will manifest.
If we wake up to our
potential, that's
the future I'm moving into.
That's why I refuse not to
be optimistic about this.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
And we have a great
program for you.
Ben Stewart with us, a
researcher and documentarian
who has been featured
on many Gaia programs,
including his own series,
which was called "Limitless."
Now, most recently, Ben was
on one of our "Beyond Belief"
programs talking about
living in a 5G world.
And there was lots of
controversy over this program.
Let's remind you what
that show was all about.
>>BEN STEWART: There's
no outrunning 5G.
And it's rolling
out as we speak.
Instead of trying to beat it, I
think we need to transcend it.
Currently, as we speak, there
are satellites going up,
5G satellites.
Soon we're going to have 5G
pumping all over the world.
You could be in the
middle of the ocean
eventually and still be
able to get your 5G service.
Let's say self-driving cars.
It needs high-speed internet.
It can't have lag
time, otherwise,
it may miss its turn, right?
Most people aren't
getting the full story
of what the
infrastructure of 5G has
to do to support such
high-speed internet.
In a 5G world,
you can't opt out.
So the phone is less
needed, because if you're
in a city like Wuhan, China,
you step out your door,
and you say Uber.
You don't need to
say into your phone.
A self-driving
car might come up.
>>NOORY: Wait a minute.
You just say Uber into the
ether, and an Uber shows up?
>>STEWART: There's
cameras everywhere.
So right now, there's a
billion cameras in China.
By 2022, there'll be two
cameras for every one citizen.
So let's say you say Uber.
A car comes up.
It sees who you
are, the car does.
It knows your digital identity.
It docks your pay from that.
So now instead of having
towers every several miles,
these tall towers, now--
>>NOORY: For 4G.
>>STEWART: For 4G, where they're
really, really big, tall masts.
Now you're going to have
things the size of a shoe box
every couple feet on top of or
on the side of every building.
Eventually, it's
going to be where
you could be sitting
in your seat,
and you're hooked
up to a system,
and you feel like
you're in that world.
You're smelling what they want
you to smell in that world.
You're seeing what
they want you to see.
And this can be done
wirelessly and remotely,
not even invasively.
I always study
conspiracy theory.
And all the conspiracy
theorists are
saying that this 5G
world is the end game.
>>NOORY: It's dangerous.
>>STEWART: It's going
to be the end of us.
And I think there's many ways
of mitigating the harms of 5G.
And also I think that where 5G
is leading us in the conspiracy
world is really only a few
degrees away from a Utopian
world.
This is actually maybe
a blessing in disguise.
Because if there's
no stopping 5G,
you can't run into
the mountains anymore.
The world is blanketed
in 5G and surveillance.
So if you can't escape it,
you have to transcend it.
And so this is actually
the perfect opportunity
for a mass awakening.
>>NOORY: Now, there was
so much viewer response
to this incredible show.
It was divided 50-50.
Some people thought 5G, oh
my god, it's all over for us.
Other people said no,
it's great technology.
Well, we're going
to pull some emails
from some of our
viewers, and I'm
going to read them to you, Ben.
And I want you to react
to some of the things
that they have to say.
Ben, in our program,
some of our viewers
thought you were calling
artificial intelligence
your god.
Let's take a look at
what you exactly said.
>>STEWART: I'm more
curious about what is
this technology growing to be.
Because what I think
it is, if we look back
to Rudolf Steiner,
who was talking
about electromagnetic
radiation in 1917,
he was talking about this thing
called the advent of Ahriman,
which is a god built
off of technology
and calculating, very cold.
And I think that's
what we're building.
We're building an AI god
on a biological Earth.
>>NOORY: Ben, what did
you mean by all that?
>>STEWART: Well, I
mean, really, I just
have to take it
verbatim with that.
What I said after the Rudolf
Steiner part was we're
building an artificial god
on a biological planet.
And I think that's
exactly what's happening.
And the reason why I
say that is because you
know those salamanders?
We can find salamanders that are
in caves, and many thousands,
if not millions of years
ago, they had eyes,
and then they developed
in complete darkness.
They found a way to adapt
to their new environment.
What I'm saying is
now we're pumping out
these 5G frequencies.
We're pumping out
electromagnetic radiation
at an incredible rate.
We can adapt.
And I'm not saying
that I love this.
I am saying that I don't
know what God's plan is.
But when I say an artificial
god on a biological planet,
nobody would ever call the
Olympians or the Titans the one
supreme intelligence
in the universe.
They are the individual,
bickering, fighting gods.
There's a big difference there.
And so the one reason why
I want to point that out
is because there were some
commenters on the comment
board from our
last interview that
said there's no use in even
trying to meditate our way out
of that.
I guarantee you
those people that
said meditation is not
the solution have maybe
tried to meditate, but they've
never had an actual meditative
experience.
Because if you do,
and you realize
that this is where all
the solutions come from,
the infinity within
is where god lies,
and you need to
wake that god up.
Is God afraid of 5G?
Is 5G just the one thing
that's outside of God's hands?
No.
So the thing is we're cutting
our potential off at the knees
by saying we believe in god.
We know it's all powerful,
but oh my god, 5G
is going to kill us all.
We need to wake up.
We're a lot more
powerful than that.
>>NOORY: Ben, some
of our viewers
interpreted that
you said that this
could be the end of the world.
That's not what you said.
>>STEWART: No.
And if I said that, it would
be the end of the world
as we know it.
And the world is
always changing,
so tomorrow will be
unlike yesterday.
Here's an example I'll give.
A beautiful, little but naive,
innocent child skipping down
the road, merrily, without
a care in the world,
not realizing any harm
could ever come of him.
Then that child witnesses
a fatal car accident.
Did the world change?
Did reality change?
Or did that child's
perception change?
Here's my point.
Most of humanity is asleep.
Advancing technology
is the wake-up call.
And if we wake up with
only fear in our hearts,
like I saw on the message
board, if we wake up
with only fear in our hearts,
then that's what will manifest.
If we wake up to our
potential, that's
the future I'm moving into.
That's why I refuse not to
be optimistic about this.
Because I know I've seen
what humans are capable of.
I know we're more
powerful than this thing
in the external
world, this illusion
that we're calling the enemy.
>>NOORY: One of our viewers
writes, Ben, I'm not afraid,
because I'm willing to face it,
especially since it's already
here, and we can't outrun it.
It's only logical to me
to learn as much as I can
on how to avoid the
pitfalls and the benefit
from the advantages.
So why would I not
keep an open mind?
I admire Ben Stewart's
vast knowledge
and how he doesn't judge it.
So happy to see the possibility
of the Venus Project coming
to life.
Now, what exactly is
the Venus Project?
>>STEWART: The Venus
Project-- and that's
a great example of
what I'm talking about.
The Venus Project was the
brainchild of Jacque Fresco.
He's since passed.
He was in the same thought
camp as Barbara Marx Hubbard,
as Bucky Fuller, a
lot of these futurists
that saw that technology
is not our enemy.
Technology can be our
savior, but the thing
is we need to use
technology in the right way,
and we need to make sure it
doesn't end up in few hands.
Because the bottom
line is we know
that there's people
out there that
want to use
technology or any tool
at their disposal
to gain more power.
But there are ways, and
we're seeing it now.
Decentralized, open source,
fully accountable technology
that is more and more
difficult to be taken over
by an elite group.
Is there an elite group
that's using technology
for nefarious purposes?
I can go on for days about those
people and the technologies
that they're using.
But the Venus Project
is showing you
that technology
is not our enemy.
You don't see oil rigs pumping
oil and polluting the planet
themselves.
It's humans that are
commanding them to do so.
You don't see 4G
or 5G cell towers
pumping out radiations on their
own, assembling themselves.
No, we command it to do so.
So let's not blame technology.
It's ignorance.
And it's our refusal to
level the playing field
and see that the new
human that's emerging
has to do with this fair
and level playing field,
and technology will be there to
support us if we wake up to it
in the right way.
So that's why I'm optimistic.
We need to call people
to a higher level,
not scare ourselves
back into the Stone Age.
>>NOORY: Ben, one of our
"Beyond Belief" viewers
writes, this technology
is being hoisted on us
without properly researching
its effects on the human body.
The frequencies for 5G interfere
with the human body functions.
And there are a
number of experts
that I think are more expert
on this than the person being
interviewed now,
which is you, [LAUGHS]
and that this is
not new technology.
What do you think of that?
>>STEWART: I
couldn't agree more.
And I want to honor that
this person has probably
done his homework.
Here's the one thing.
I'll go back to
some of those people
that I was talking about before.
Dr. Arthur Firstenberg,
Dr. Thomas Cowan,
Dr. Joseph Mercola,
Dr. Martin Paul.
What's the similarity between
all these people here?
They're scientists.
They're analytical.
They're not mystics.
They probably have
researched consciousness,
and they probably know that
we have great human potential.
But when he says there's experts
that can speak better than I
could, I couldn't agree more.
I am not the most
well spoken on this.
I'm here taking my free time
to speak to the audience
to show that there is a way
in between the ultra scared
and the ultra just give me
whatever, I want to stay asleep
to it, just give me my
technology, my bread,
and my circuses.
So what I'm here to do is to do
what I see nobody else doing.
Even David Icke.
I love him.
Right here on Gaia,
"Escaping the Matrix."
You watch him talking
about all this technology,
it can be very scary.
But there's one thing that I
see missing from these experts
across the board.
None of them are merging
the power of human potential
with what's happening
on the planet right now.
They're either in one
camp or the other.
And some of them
hop from one side
to the other in the same breath.
We need some more examples.
We need the correct vision
of where we can go with this.
I refuse to stay in
the fearful side,
and I refuse to just say, it's
all going to be hunky dory,
we don't need to focus on it.
This requires our action.
This requires our attention.
But it does not
require our fear.
>>NOORY: Investigative
mythologist William Henry
has talked about this
divide that could
happen from the new frequency.
He was at Conscious Life
Expo, and he had this to say.
>>WILLIAM HENRY: At
some future point,
humanity will be
changed in a moment,
in a twinkling of an
eye, at the last trump.
For the trump will
sound, the dead
will be raised imperishable,
and we shall be changed.
This is a future moment that
they're describing here,
when a tone, a wave,
a reverberation--
that's what the
word trump means--
comes over the planet and
begins to transform us.
Some will readily adapt to this
new frequency or vibration,
others will cower
in fear over it.
They won't be able to handle it.
Many believe we're
in that moment now.
And so Paul is warning
about this coming battle
back in 62 AD.
And he says, there's only one
way you can get around this.
He says, you've got to put
on the full armor of God.
And he describes
this as including
the crown of salvation, the
breastplate of righteousness,
the belt of truth,
the sandals of peace,
and creating a shield of
faith around your body.
What he's talking about is
augmenting the human body.
He's talking about
putting on armor
to combat a cosmic entity,
these Archons, these powers.
>>NOORY: What do you
think of that, Ben?
>>STEWART: I love William Henry.
And I think he--
>>NOORY: He's a great guy.
>>STEWART: Yes.
I think he puts it perfectly.
I think what he's saying is we
need to augment the human body.
And in 62 AD, they were
talking about a trump, right?
This reverberation, a
sound, a new frequency
that half the population will
be scared of, the other half
will accept readily.
I think it's quite obvious.
If you just look at the
thumbs up and thumbs down
of our last interview,
it's pretty divided down
the middle of people who are
scared and others who are OK,
bring it on.
So here's what I love
about what he says.
This armor that he's talking
about is spiritual in nature.
It's not something that we
need from the outside world.
It's not like we're going to
pray to technology engineers
to come up with some
Faraday clothing that's
going to protect us from it.
Because that's us
giving our power away.
Mind you, what we're
talking about here
is not just physical.
It's magical.
And I'll get into this
a little bit more.
But we need to put our
spirituality back on.
That's where I think
he's going with this.
He talks about yoga.
He talks about clearing
out our mind of the fear.
And he talks about doing
the righteous work.
And I couldn't agree more.
The real work that
needs to be done
is all these people that are
blaming the outside world
for their inner
state of affairs,
we need to do our
spiritual work at home.
>>NOORY: Ben, one of
our viewers writes,
what do we do to stop it?
I'm not anti-technology
by any means.
But he is literally
saying that we
have no choice in the matter.
What about those who want to
live in unison with nature,
away from technology?
Let's go to a tape.
>>STEWART: There's
no outrunning 5G.
We're entering this
world, no matter what.
It's already happening
in China right now.
>>NOORY: Oh, in a big way.
As a matter of
fact, Wuhan, China,
where they had problems, it's
fully 5G compatible, isn't it?
>>STEWART: Fully blanketed city.
It's the first fully
blanketed 5G city.
And what that means is so
that phone that you have?
That's the platform.
And in the 4G world, you
can opt out by, let's say,
getting rid of your phone,
running off into the mountains,
and hiding, right?
In a 5G world,
you can't opt out.
>>NOORY: So when
the viewer talks
about living in unison with
nature, is that possible?
>>STEWART: It's
absolutely possible.
You know?
And I want to touch
base on one other thing,
because I think this is
happening quite a bit.
She said, I'm
literally saying we
have no choice in the matter.
But if you actually look at
what I literally said there,
I said, there's no outrunning
5G, because it's already here.
>>NOORY: That's right.
>>STEWART: There's
a difference there.
Everything is choice.
And so is your mindset.
So is the emotion that you
allow to take over your body.
That's a choice.
My choice is to come
here not in fear,
but to give the audience
that very subtle nuance where
I talk about the
problems, but I refuse
to go buggy-eyed
like Chicken Little,
saying the sky is falling.
That's not what's
happening here.
Again, I still
see trees outside.
I'm allowed to breathe the air.
How do we stop it, she asks?
We stop it by
stopping what we are
doing to feed the beast
that's growing around us.
How do we live in
harmony with nature?
For one, you need
to be grateful.
One thing I see that is lacking
from a lot of the people
that I saw in the comments is
gratitude for what we do have,
and it's hyper-focused on all
the problems that we can see,
but it's not focusing on the
fact that we want our phones.
We want to connect.
We want to FaceTime with people.
We want what it's
offering us, we just
don't want any of
the problems from it.
So that very narrow line
that we have to walk,
if you want to walk in unison
with nature, it's still here.
Do it.
Go outside.
Breathe.
Stand on the ground.
Meditate.
Realize that nature is not
just in the outside world.
We are a fractal of nature.
And if we don't come
into contact with that,
if we don't wake
up to our power,
meaning realizing that
we are what nature--
we are the gift that
nature has brought about,
then you'll go back
through history,
and you'll see that there
have been extinction events.
There have been species
that have been wiped off
the face of the Earth.
And because we humans didn't
create that, we just say,
that's the natural way about it.
And we have no
problem setting people
with pacemakers or
bolts and screws
to hold their spine together.
We have no problems with
people wearing glasses.
But when it comes
to electromagnetics,
all of a sudden,
this is anti-nature?
I really think we need
to wake up to the nuances
that we're talking about
and that we're calling in.
How do we live in
harmony with nature?
I do it by being
grateful for what I have.
God didn't give me a memo saying
what to expect in the world.
I could die tomorrow.
I'm grateful for everything
that I have right now.
I would say to this audience
member, be grateful.
Harness that.
That's the best gift of nature.
>>NOORY: Ben, "Beyond
Belief" is seen worldwide.
And we had one of our
viewers in Africa write us,
"I live in Africa, so I hope it
will be a good while before 5G
comes here.
And the government knows that
phones will be too expensive
for the average person
here to buy anyway,
so let's hope it
stays that way."
Ben, is 5G happening only
in the big player countries,
like the US or China, or
is it happening worldwide?
>>STEWART: You know,
specifically in Africa, China
and the US are in a race
to retrofit all of Africa
from top to bottom
with 5G technology.
You have the fangs and the bats.
So the fangs is
Facebook, Amazon,
I think that's Netflix,
Google, and then over in China,
you have Baidu,
Alibaba, and Tencent.
All these companies are
retrofitting 5G technology all
over Africa.
There are places where
it's hard to get,
but when he's saying that most
people don't have enough money
to buy phones, Samsung is
giving phones away in Africa
to make sure that their
technology proliferates
throughout it.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>STEWART: And here's the thing.
When we think 5G,
we keep thinking
of our old technology,
our tablets, our devices,
our computers.
I want people to
start taking a look
at what's called genetic
drive or gene drive extinction
technology.
And the Bill and Melinda
Gates Foundation,
a lot of new higher
tech companies,
are pushing out this,
specifically in Africa,
to take away malaria.
OK?
So they're coming out with
this gene extinction technology
that's going to make a
certain mosquito or maybe
all mosquitoes die.
They're not able to reproduce.
>>NOORY: Maybe.
Maybe.
>>STEWART: Maybe--
>>NOORY: But if it
backfires, we're up a creek.
>>STEWART: Well, here's
what I'm curious about
and where I think the
worry could come in.
If you're
experimenting how do we
delete a gene off the
face of the Earth,
this is how you experiment.
You start first on
the host of malaria.
Malaria is a parasite.
Mosquitoes are the hosts.
So what are we doing?
We're wiping out the host.
What else can you do?
>>NOORY: Will it
find another host?
>>STEWART: That's one concern.
And actually, that was put forth
to the Bill and Melinda Gates
Foundation.
Wait a minute, what if malaria
just finds another host.
Another thing is you
experiment, and you figure out
how to do it on mosquitoes.
We already know we've
mapped the human genome.
Can you just take this
technology and place it there?
So I want this person
to very much so start
spreading the word about gene
drive extinction technology
and where technology is headed.
I'm not saying
technology is all peachy.
There's a lot of work to do.
We need to wake up.
And here's why I'm grateful
for what's happening.
There's no time to
stay asleep anymore.
There's no time to keep
ignoring our potential.
We need directed action now.
We need to gather our tribe now.
People like Foster
and Kimberly Gamble
who just made the
"Thrive" movie,
we need to connect
with people like that,
join forces with good
people in high places, which
there are many sleeping giants.
We need to wake them up.
And we need to do it with art.
We need to do it with
uplifting and inspiring news.
the very technology,
like 5G, that we've
built, we paid for,
and we allowed to
come into existence.
We need to hijack
the technology,
not cower in fear over it.
It's here.
Use it.
Do something good with it.
>>NOORY: What is the
Internet of Things?
>>STEWART: The Internet of
Things is the smart grid.
And I would implore everybody
to go to David Icke's show
on Gaia, "Escaping the Matrix."
And he's talking
about the smart grid.
So everything's becoming smart.
It's not just your phones,
your tablets, your computers
anymore.
Your car, your toaster,
your refrigerator,
eventually, it'll be your
glasses, and then an ocular
implant, a cochlear implant.
There's already
smart pacemakers that
are testifying against the
people whose bodies they're in.
There was a guy in
Youngstown, Ohio,
that he set a fire
himself, and then
the authorities that
came, they said,
this looks like the fire
was set in many places,
but he's not
testifying, so let's
go to the data company
that harvests data
from his pacemaker.
And they were able to use that
to discern that this person set
fire to his own house.
So we're living in
a new world now.
And basically, the
Internet of Things
is all of your devices
talking to one another
without humans having
to proliferate the data.
So this is the dawn of how
information arrives at AI,
and AI can get more intelligence
without human interference.
>>NOORY: I want to thank all
our viewers for writing in.
And we've had our
questions for Ben, there.
Now I'm going to talk with him
a little bit about some of this.
What is nano dust, anyway?
What is that?
>>STEWART: Nano dust
and nanotechnology, this
is something that many people
believe are in chem trails.
And there's a lot of people that
say chem trails don't exist.
They're just contrails.
And you can tell there's a
distinction between them.
But nanotechnology is
technology that is so small
that you could breathe it in.
It could be in your food supply.
And in some way, it could
be injected into your body
somehow.
>>NOORY: Somehow.
>>STEWART: It can replicate
itself like cells.
And you'll hear Barbara Marx
Hubbard on the Legacy series
on Gaia saying this is
also a way of the future.
But in the wrong
hands, what can it do?
It can delete a gene.
It can make you think
certain thoughts.
There's also deep brain
machine interfaces
that can be injected into
your brain to, in a sense,
cause you to have thoughts that
you wouldn't have naturally
had.
And I believe this is
actually a real threat.
I'll leave you with this.
Microsoft put out
an article saying
that they have a way of
mining cryptocurrency
directly from your cells,
from the infrared emissions
from your cells, to use as
energy to mine cryptocurrency.
And a lot of people
are like, they
don't say what
technology that is
that actually mines
that infrared energy
from your cells.
I believe it's nano dust.
>>NOORY: And you brought
up Barbara Marx Hubbard.
Let's take a look at
what she has to say.
BARBARA MARX HUBBARD: One of my
favorite futurists and authors
is Jerry Glenn.
And in a book he wrote
on conscious technology,
he identified a pathway forward.
And he said, if the mystic, a
spiritually motivated person,
joins forces with
a technocrat who
understands the enormity of
the powers given to humanity.
That combination of the mystical
and the technical capabilities
will lead to a new civilization.
And he called it a conscious
technocratic civilization.
And I'm calling it even
deeper, a new species.
>>NOORY: A new species.
Is that conceivable?
>>STEWART: I believe so.
I believe we've done
it throughout history.
I kind of think that's actually
the magic of planet Earth,
of Pachamama.
It's always coming up
with newness, novelty,
ways of growing and
learning, shedding the old,
so we can learn from the new.
You see, the thing is a lot
of people love Barbara Marx
Hubbard and the way that she
brings her information there.
But if you watch that--
>>NOORY: She's got a
soothing part of her, right?
>>STEWART: She's got
a great way about her.
But if you watch that
entire series, she's saying,
I can't wait for nanotechnology.
I can't wait for
advancing technology.
This whole idea about AI merging
with human consciousness,
this is the way of the future.
So I'm wondering where
the audience that
were commenting on our
last interview is on that.
I implore them, go watch
the way she speaks about it.
Because she could probably do
it better justice than I could,
but she's saying right
there, if you listen to that,
David Icke might say,
well, that's transhumanism.
That's being a cyborg.
That's blazing into a future
that we have no control over.
She says in that very
series there have always
been extinction events.
There's always the
passing of old species
and the coming of
the new species.
>>NOORY: And there
will be more to come.
>>STEWART: There's
always more to come.
And this is because we can't
conceive of God's plan.
We simply step into it with
either gratitude or fear.
>>NOORY: What is the fourth
industrial revolution,
and what does that
have to do with this?
>>STEWART: Basically, there's
industrial revolutions
that interrupt the economy.
It interrupts civilization.
>>NOORY: In a good
way or a bad way?
>>STEWART: Well, I--
again, I don't know if good
and bad can really be placed
on it, because a lot of people
say bad, and then a
lot of people say good.
So technology is
constantly changing the way
we interface with reality.
It's been doing that for
quite a long time now.
So there's a lot of
ways you can look at it
and say it's not doing
well for the planet.
And there's other people
saying that it's not
the technology that's
doing that, it's
humans' use of the
tools called technology.
Fourth industrial revolution
is being called fourth
by Klaus Schwab and the
World Economic Forum as a way
to usher in technology.
And there's many
different guises
under which we will usher in
this technology for people
who want it and for
others who don't want it.
>>NOORY: She's pretty dramatic.
But she does it in a
soothing way, doesn't she?
The way she talks?
>>STEWART: Yes.
Barbara Marx Hubbard
is incredible.
She has a way about her that
shows you that she's not
afraid of the future to come.
She talks about the issues.
>>NOORY: Are you?
>>STEWART: Am I afraid?
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>STEWART: I don't
use fear as a tool.
>>NOORY: You don't.
>>STEWART: Why?
>>NOORY: I've
noticed that in you.
You don't.
>>STEWART: What
would that lead to,
if I decided to come here
buggy-eyed and telling
everybody we're doomed?
>>NOORY: Panic.
>>STEWART: Right.
And the thing is is I know
where manifestation comes from.
And it's not out here, George.
It's always in here.
So I'll tell you what.
I only ever-- nobody,
nothing is allowed
to make me go into panic
mode except for myself,
and I refuse to do it.
Because that's not
the way we manifest.
I have love for the audience,
even the ones that I believe
are misled and confused.
This is the way forward.
>>NOORY: If you had a chance to
talk to George Orwell, author
of "1984," today, what would
you be talking to him about?
>>STEWART: I'd say your
predictions were scarily
accurate, and I would say
the only thing you missed out
on was the ending, where
human potential wins out.
Why would you create
anything other than that?
>>NOORY: He thought it was
doom and gloom for all of us,
didn't he?
>>STEWART: Yes.
So there's Orwellian.
There's 1984.
There's a brave new world.
There's all these--
there's a bunch of books
that talk about a doom and
gloom dystopian future.
And then there's
a few of them that
are saying how this is
what a Utopian future is.
One of my favorites is talking
about somebody who goes,
I think, a thousand
years in the future.
He sees where
technology could go,
and then he can't live
in that Utopian future.
He has to be sent back.
Why?
Because he needs to tell the
new story to the people who
don't believe it yet.
So I'm not saying
I'm from the future.
I'm not saying any
of those things.
Here's what I'm saying.
I know what creates goodness in
the future, and it's not fear.
I know what creates a
healthy path forward.
And it's by illustrating
the problems.
It's not by ignoring it.
I know too many people that are
just new agey, and they say,
swim in love and light,
and you'll be fine.
No.
You have to-- if you're in
the middle of the desert,
and you don't know
where you are,
but you know where
you want to go,
you need an accurate reference
point to know where you're at.
We are in a point
in time in history
where all hands on deck.
Could this go south?
It's going south
in many new ways.
And we can get into
many of those new ways
today, with dark winter
and the great reset,
but I refuse to believe
that that word, magic,
by a form of elite
sorcerers at the top
that knows that words
are what hypnotize us,
and they know that they need
our consent for it to go down
that path, I refuse to
fall into that trap.
We win.
We win this.
>>NOORY: Ben, we're in really
strange times these days.
What did you mean
by dark winter?
>>STEWART: If you listen to
Joe Biden, he said it twice.
He was like, we're about
to go into a dark winter,
a dark winter.
And he said it twice
for effect, but also
because this is the
basis of word magic.
And I don't use
that term lightly.
This is magic, what
we're dealing with here.
And as much as we try and
say, oh, it's just science,
listen to Arthur C. Clarke.
Any sufficiently
advanced technology
is indistinguishable from magic.
That's what we're
dealing with here.
So not only does he say
that, but I think Dr. Price,
I think is his name-- he's a
vaccine expert that was just
ousted out of office--
is saying we're about to enter
the darkest winter in history.
News anchors galore
from around the world
are saying we are in
for the darkest winter.
>>NOORY: Oh, they
love saying that, too.
>>STEWART: They love saying
it because you know what?
Most news today
is all about what
Barbara Marx Hubbard
calls break down
news, not breakthrough news.
So if you actually look
at what dark winter is,
it's a form of word magic,
and people are falling for it.
So I'm here to say it's not
going to be a dark winter.
>>NOORY: Is this
the great reset?
>>STEWART: I think great
resets happen every single time
technology advances
to a point where
we realize our old models
of economy and civilization
don't work anymore.
So the great reset, what is the
impetus for the great reset?
Pandemic.
Right now, it's pandemic.
What happens when
there's pandemic?
Well, we need this control grid.
We need to use technology
to track everybody.
Do you remember
after September 11,
a month later, there was the
Patriot Act, over a thousand
pages, perfectly written?
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
And that color scheme they
used to tell us about terror,
I couldn't stand that, Ben.
Condition green,
condition red, look out.
Scared the living
daylights out of people.
>>STEWART: Right.
And so when you
look at it, there's
no way they wrote those thousand
words in one month perfectly
and then passed it.
They wouldn't have had that.
>>NOORY: They were
working on that.
>>STEWART: They were working
on it for a long time.
And the thing is
is if you actually
look at what
happened October 18,
2019, two months before
pandemic, there was
this thing called Event 201.
Everyone across the board,
all these global agencies,
came together and
said, what would
happen if a coronavirus
outbreak happened,
and they went through--
>>NOORY: And they predicted it.
>>STEWART: Two months
before it actually happened.
How does that happen?
To me, it's not by mistake.
This is called the fine print
of a spiritual contract.
They need to tell us.
That way, when they
say, well, guys,
do you want the technology?
Problem, reaction, solution.
Like David Icke says,
you create the problem,
and then you have
a solution that's
perfect for that problem.
Why?
Because the problem itself
was invented specifically
for this solution
to be ushered in.
That's what the fourth
industrial revolution
and the great reset is supposed
to do, usher in the technology.
People aren't going to ask for
it if there's not a problem.
What's the problem?
Pandemic.
Now people are scared.
Now people are asking
for the technology.
So what do we have to do to make
sure this is not a dark winter?
We hijack it with
revolutionary art.
We're all-hands-on-deck
right now.
We hijack the technology that
we built in the first place.
We use the technology,
the infrastructure,
for exactly what it's
there for, to connect
with the tribe that's present.
We're here.
We have all the
resources we need.
We don't need some alien group
to come down and save us.
We have what we need.
What we need to do is wake up.
>>NOORY: Will we wake up?
>>STEWART: I believe we do.
I believe we do.
I have no doubt in my mind that
we are capable of waking up.
And here's why I'm not
scared of what's to come.
Is it scary?
Is the dark winter and all
these sorcery-style words,
is that scary to me?
No.
But is it possible people
can fall into that trap?
Yes.
So why am I here?
I'm here to spread the word so
we do wake up in the right way.
>>NOORY: You're a great
messenger, a great messenger.
Can we wake up at the right
time, or could it be too late?
>>STEWART: There's no
such thing as too late.
And I say this in a
very specific way.
Could it get a lot
darker because we
refuse to wake up
to our power, and we
keep blaming the outside world?
Sure.
Might it get a lot darker?
If nobody wakes up, if
everybody's like, nope,
there has to be some external
agency beyond me that
comes in and saves me, then it
might get a little bit darker.
But here's the thing.
It will not get
darker for everybody
across the planet in
the same exact way.
So the people who
live in fear, they're
going to manifest the worst
of this timeline to come.
The people who refuse
to live in fear
are going to manifest the
best of that timeline to come.
Do we have a lot of
work ahead of us?
Absolutely.
Am I here to do God's work?
Am I here simply because
I want to inherit
a paradise that I did not earn?
No.
That's not what I came here for.
Gratitude gives me
the right, the power,
and everything I need to do
what I need to on this planet.
I may not know what
tomorrow brings,
but I know what
I'm bringing to it.
>>NOORY: Ben, aren't
our elected officials
trying to instill fear in us?
I mean, everywhere
you look, there's
something to scare your
living daylights out of you.
>>STEWART: Yes, yes.
Fear is one of the oldest
tried and true tactics
to corral people.
And here's where I'm going to
get a little mystical on you,
George.
Ego, in a collective
sense, loves control.
We hate not knowing what
tomorrow is going to bring.
We're more scared of
the unknown future
than of tyrannical forces that
we are completely aware of.
>>NOORY: That you can see.
>>STEWART: Right.
So fear is the best way to
predict people's outcomes.
You know exactly
how people are going
to react when fear is present.
And this is why we need
to start working now
on facing fear within.
If we don't face
the fear within,
we're never going to be able
to face it on the outside.
>>NOORY: Well, can you blame
people for being scared?
>>STEWART: I don't use blame.
Here's what I say.
Fear is a tool.
And it can be an activator,
but if you sit inside
that, it's supposed to--
adrenaline, for instance.
If a saber tooth tiger
is coming to get you,
adrenaline was there
evolutionarily to get you out
of Dodge.
But now, if you're scared,
and you're sitting down,
and you're not moving
your body, you're
just going to swim
in that feeling.
So use fear.
If you're going to
live in fear, use
fear as a catalyst to propel
you into your solutions,
propel you into your
human potential.
If you don't, there's only
one person you can blame.
And I'm not going to blame.
I have love for
everybody out there,
even the ones who don't know
how to bring that potential out
from within.
I have love, and I will
hold space for their growth.
And if they want to connect
with me personally, go
to my website, connect
with me personally.
I will give you free advice.
I will connect with you, even
on the phone, to show you
this is not the end of humanity.
This is the beginning
of something new.
But it's only going to be
a good thing if we step up.
We are where Christ is risen,
if we're going to get biblical.
>>NOORY: And if we
step up to the plate
and change the way we
live, what happens?
What's the future for us?
>>STEWART: If we
step up to the plate,
then we will come face
to face in the same way
if you go through, let's
say, an ayahuasca experience,
or if you have to face your ego
in some meditative experience.
You're going to
have to come face
to face with your shadow and all
those things that have held you
back from your potential.
If you don't, you're never
going to get past it,
and you'll keep blaming
the outside world
for your inner state of affairs.
But if we choose to face that
fear, and you get past it,
you'll realize that we
were always the solution,
and the solution
was always present.
We just weren't
awoken to it yet.
So that's why I keep saying,
wake up to your power.
Stop giving so much
of your power away.
Don't consent to this silly
great reset and dark winter
that's supposedly going to come.
Make it a great winter.
Make it a beautiful reset.
>>NOORY: Can we do
it as an individual,
or do we need the masses
to do it together?
>>STEWART: It has to
start individually.
Because we're great at
sniffing out whether people
are being disingenuous or not.
We're great at that.
And if we're all
gathering in large groups,
pretending that we're all
very excited about the future
to come, we'll be able
to tell that nobody
has any real solutions.
When you see a guru--
and a guru that is
completely enlightened,
they see reality for what it is.
And you say, what
about dark forces?
Do they go buggy-eyed
and start telling you
how the world is
coming to an end?
No.
They come from the solution
in the manner of speaking,
in the way their
body language speaks.
They're not scared.
That's how they speak
about darkness in a way
that they know we overcome.
And we shall overcome.
But it's only going
to happen if it
starts on an individual level.
>>NOORY: Ben, we
started this program
talking about the reaction
to 5G as it continues.
Can they end up
going to 10G one day?
I mean, how far does it go?
>>STEWART: China's
already working on 6G.
So when we get caught up on the
number letter hypnosis, then
we keep reading things online
and proving to ourselves,
proving to our intellect, that
all that stuff is reality.
Eventually, we're
going to realize
that there's alien technology
on this planet right now
that's being reverse engineered.
And a lot of our
technology right now,
how did it come together?
It's not just the
increase in technology.
It's not just that bell
curve that we're hitting.
>>NOORY: We were helped
and pushed a little bit.
>>STEWART: We were
helped and pushed.
And I believe that at the top--
the people who are
in fear, there's
this guy named Clare Graves,
and he has spiral dynamics.
And it's this ladder.
And he says, left-right
politics and this divisive kind
of news, that's on rung
three of the ladder.
When you climb higher, you
realize that we're all together
on Spaceship Earth.
And all the technology
that is here
can be good if we wake up to it.
But they're just tools.
You can kill someone
with a hammer,
or you can build
somebody a home.
What I'm asking people to do is
stop disempowering themselves
by saying the outside world
is driving our future.
>>NOORY: Well, and you
just said if we wake up.
What if we don't?
What happens?
>>STEWART: You know what?
Thank you for pointing that out.
Historically, 100% of
the people never wake up.
Some people always do.
So here's what I have to say.
The tribe is gathering.
The right people are waking up.
How many people were involved
in the American Revolution?
Do you know?
What percentage of the
American population?
>>NOORY: Small.
Very small.
>>STEWART: 4% or less.
4% or less.
And you know what?
Maybe the other 96% would
have caused more harm
if they didn't feel
it within their hearts
that they should interject.
So maybe they're supposed
to stay where they're at.
And the 4% of people who
are willing to stand up
to exactly what's
happening right now,
like myself, like Foster
and Kimberly Gamble,
like the Barbara Marx
Hubbards, God rest her soul,
when we stand up, we
are already awoken,
and we are doing our
best through technology,
like the internet, to
wake up more people.
And guess what?
Critical mass is right
around the corner.
That's why I'm confident
that we do wake up.
Maybe 100% of the people
don't, but we're all
at different levels on
the evolutionary awakening
of consciousness.
>>NOORY: Do we wake up
sooner than later, Ben?
>>STEWART: I see it.
I see it.
That bell curve
that we're hitting,
the next 10 years,
George, technology
is going to advance faster than
it has in the past 100, maybe
the past 1,000.
So in the next 10 years, people
are going to get more scared.
They're going to start looking
elsewhere than mainstream
media and current politics--
>>NOORY: They have to.
>>STEWART: The
left-right paradigm.
They're going to start
asking questions.
And that word, quest,
is going to lead them
into uncomfortable territory.
Into conspiracy, into mysticism.
And you know what?
I'm grateful and very excited
for people to actually start
asking those questions.
Because that's how we wake up.
>>NOORY: What do you say to some
parents watching the show right
now that have little
children, and they're
concerned about the
kids' lives and futures?
>>STEWART: Try and
go to wired internet.
Turn off the internet at night.
Think about Faraday
cloaking your bed.
Give your children
enough magnesium,
because that'll take care of a
laundry list of health issues.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>STEWART: Iodine,
niacin, step on the Earth.
>>NOORY: D3, put it in there.
>>STEWART: Yes.
Yes.
Vitamin D3.
The thing is just
research health.
If you actually
do what we've been
told to do with health,
if we actually do it,
not just talk about it,
but if we actually do it,
you'll realize that all that
laundry list of health effects
that might affect kids, it
may not affect your kid.
Why?
Because you're doing the right
things to mitigate the harm.
I'm not saying I love all
this technology that's
coming through.
What I am saying is
there is a tidal wave.
And there's these things
called surfboards.
We can either surf the wave,
or we can get swallowed by it.
I choose to be the former.
>>NOORY: Ben, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>STEWART: It's
my honor, George.
>>NOORY: You know, he was very
controversial the last time
he was on with me.
This time, what do you think?
I'm George Noory, and thanks
for watching "Beyond Belief."
[MUSIC PLAYING]